Minor Wording Fix (#6280)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Receiving_and_Responding.md

We're all used to the way that Discord bots have worked for a long time. You make an application in the developer portal with a bot user, then use that bot's token to connect to the Gateway and make requests to Discord's API.

Interactions bring something entirely new to the table: the ability to interact with an application _without relying on a bot token_. As you read through this documentation, you'll see that bot tokens are only referenced as a helpful alternative to doing a client credentials auth flow. Responding to interactions does not require a bot token.

> In many cases, you may still need a bot user. If you need to receive gateway events, or need to interact with other parts of our API (like fetching a guild, or a channel, or updating permissions on a user), those actions are all still tied to having a bot token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, you may still need to use a bot token. If you need to receive gateway events, or need to interact with other parts of our API (like fetching a guild, or a channel, or updating permissions on a user), those actions are all still tied to having a bot token.
```

> Interactions bring something entirely new to the table: the ability to interact with an application _without needing a bot user in the guild_. As you read through this documentation, you'll see that bot tokens are only referenced as a helpful alternative to doing a client credentials auth flow. Responding to interactions does not require a bot token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interactions bring something entirely new to the table: the ability to interact with an application _without relying on a bot token_. As you read through this documentation, you'll see that bot tokens are only referenced as a helpful alternative to doing a client credentials auth flow. Responding to interactions does not require a bot token.
```

> In many cases, you may still need a bot user. If you need to receive gateway events, or need to interact with other parts of our API (like fetching a guild, or a channel, or updating permissions on a user), those actions are all still tied to having a bot token. However, if you don't need any of those things, you never have to use a bot token at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, you may still need a bot user. If you need to receive gateway events, or need to interact with other parts of our API (like fetching a guild, or a channel, or updating permissions on a user), those actions are all still tied to having a bot token.
```
